Settlement is the process of updating the record of ownership of the assets being transferred.

Settlement risk can also be eliminated
by ensuring the atomicity of the related
or linked transfers. Atomicity refers
to the completion of all transfers
comprising the transaction where they
either succeed together or fail together.
In the case of failure, the other linked
transfers would automatically fail as well,
reverting the funds back to the sender. 

The use of intermediaries in the traditional
correspondent banking model results
in credit default risk (the risk that a party
is unable to deliver the currency it sold)
and settlement risk (the risk that a party
delivers currency it sold without receiving
currency it bought) for the transacting
parties. One way of eliminating such risks
is by removing the need to hold funds
with the intermediary.


In most computer
systems, including databases, atomicity
is guaranteed through the concept of
“two-phase commit.” A two-phase commit
is a protocol that coordinates two or more
processes that participate in a transaction
to decide to commit or abort (roll back)
all the processes of the transaction.
The two-phase commit is typically
implemented as follows:
Phase 1—Each participant in a transaction
writes its data records to a temporary
storage and indicates to the coordinator
whether the process is successful.
Phase 2—Upon confirmation that all
processes are successful, the coordinator
sends a signal to all participants to
commit¸ which is to update the records
from the temporary storage into the
actual storage. If any participant fails,
the coordinator sends an instruction to 
all participants to abort and roll back.

- TLS CA - Identity of a dormain
- TLS Server cert - the key for signing communication
- SAN must be present for TLS Server certs



1. msp config path misconfiguration
2. How to handle switching and bank users identification. How does it sync to the recipient user?
3. Hyperledger-fabric gateway client
4. Designing settlement
5. Implementing BVN Verification
6. Txs ran by other banks can't access another (recipient)bank's implicit data which holds the bank account balance. 
    Do I allocate fund to bilaterral PDCs or what?